So he has brought a 1
show IP interface brief shows us the IP addresses configured on the router he has the loop back interface
has the IP address on gigabit zero slash zero slash a zero.
So the first thing we need to do is configure an exclusion range so IP DCP excluded address 10 1 1 1
2 10 1 1 100.
The next thing we need to do is configure a DHB pool called P.C. the network to use a 10 1 1 0 with
a subnet mask of slash 24 with any to configure a default rota or default gateway of tender 1 1 2 2
5 4 because that's the IP address of write a 1 so the default Rodda will be that DNS server will be
the router and that looks good.
So show run these exclusion range and there's our DHB pool show IP DHB binding our client has already
been allocated an IP address 10 1 1 1 2 1 so let's confirm that by opening up a command prompt IP config
there's the IP address of the P.C. there's the subnet mask there's the default gateway can the peacekeeping
role of 1 yes it can kind of ping the loop back of raw to 1.
Yes it can and to confirm that show IP interface brief there's the loop back of right 1 and the piece
he can ping the loop back over to 1 one can the right it ping the P.C. yes it can.
So we've successfully configured DHEA p on road 1 and tested that the P.C. he gets an IP address via
DCP and that the he can ping the loop back of right a 1 that was a very basic DHEA P lab in the next
labs it gets more complicated.